If this article is communicating accurate and reliable findings, then learning styles do not hold much importance. After all, the academic success of students was not significantly different with or without it. Despite that, I would say that learning styles still have some significance. I think that we learn better when we feel engaged in materials. Learning styles could be less of an indicator for individual learning and more for individual connecting with material. As in, my preference for hands on learning is simply what feels the most engaging to me. It may not speak to my capacity for actually learning that way. That said, I would not say learning styles reflect how we "best learn". With the article in consideration, I think our learning styles reflect how we best connect with our studies. It also makes sense to me given prior experiences. When I was going to West Gate Baptist School, I learned bible versus a lot better through rehearsing and thought patterns to help ingrain the words. I would also walk around the room and trace the words in my bible. I will say that one of my main struggles is procrastination. I cannot wrap my head around spacing study sessions out. I usually just cram everything in before the test, but I have managed to do it on a few occasions. I know that cramming affected my grades a couple times. In that way, I do need to improve my time management. I would also agree with the idea that learning styles are a way of justifying lazy study. I think a lot of people lack time in their day to enjoy themselves, so they create time by cutting corners on study. I say that with myself included, because I have way to much free time for someone taking five classes and working part time. However, excessive free time might be affecting some people's grades more than others. That, however, is another contributing factor to the incentive of lazy studying. The way people are rewarded in academics is through good grades. If people can get them without truly studying anything, then we are not truly learning or being pushed to take studies seriously. I would think the solution is an education system less focused on good grades. However, I do not know what form it would take while remaining effective.